OSDOCS-16950#CQA work for Stor6 - LSO (#115348)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-local-discovery.adoc

[id="local-storage-discovery_{context}"]
= Automating discovery and provisioning for local storage devices

[role="_abstract"]

> Automate local storage discovery and provisioning using the Local Storage Operator (LSO) to simplify installation when dynamic provisioning is not available, such as with bare metal, VMware, or AWS instances with attached devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automate local storage discovery and provisioning by using the Local Storage Operator (LSO) to simplify installation when dynamic provisioning is not available, such as with bare metal, {vmw-first}, or {aws-first} instances with attached devices.
```
